BuildDemand Script Fixes 
Errors: 
1)	FORGE demands started at the incorrect date. FORGE demands did not account for the Scenario timeline from the Vignette map when calculating the real start time. 
2)	FORGE demands that only lasted one time period had a duration of 0. 
3)	All events previously where required to follow a naming convention. 
4)	Minor formatting issues
5)	The final FORGE time period does not always match the MAP end date. The final FORGE time period needs to end on the date specified by the MAP
Fixes: 
1)	The function get-offset was added. This function requires the forge data and vignette map data and returns the starting time, t0, which corresponds to the start time found in the vignette map for the given scenario. The t0 argument is now required for the expand-forge function. Within the expand-forge function, time is now calculated by tforge + t0. All higher order function which call any of the changed functions where updated pass in the additional arguments. 
2)	In the ->forge-quantity-at-time function, an additional check was added to compare the starting time period and ending time period for the forge demand. If the two time periods are equal, duration is given a value of 8 rather than the difference between start and end. 
3)	Now only scenarios have to follow a naming convention of starting with SE. The vignette(?) function was change to just be the negation of the scenario(?) function. The argument to vcons->lines within the vmap->vignette-demands function was change to filter the force-codes using the updated vignette(?) function. 
4)	 In the root->demand-file function, the REGEX that creates the message “Created demand file [filepath]” was changed to be the correct full file path instead of [root]/_DEMAND.txt. 
5)	If the end date in the map is different than the end date in the forge file, the final time period in the forge file will be extended/shortened by the difference in the map end time and forge end time. This was done in the expand-forge function. The additional argument tf (time final specified by map) was added to expand forge and inserted into function calls to expand forge. Additional functions where added to calculate the time and adjust the record that needed to be updated. The edited lines will be outputted in the root directory as ‘edited-forge-scrs.txt’. Updated so that this is only done to the last time in times when start time is >= start of final phase calculated from fd. 
6)	Started using the function read-num to read numbers from the input file. This should have eliminated some of the errors with number formatting (Including symbols: , $  or multiple .’s). 
